# Colts-Data-Analysis-Visualization
Colt Steele´s  curse on Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, and more! This course will level up your data skills to help you grow your career in Data Science, Machine Learning, Finance, Web Development, or any tech-adjacent field.  This is a tightly structured course that covers a ton, but it's all broken down into human-sized pieces rather than an overwhelming reference manual that throws everything at you at once. After each and every new topic, you'll have the chance to practice what you're learning and challenge yourself with exercises and projects. We work with dozens of fun and real-world datasets including Amazon bestsellers, Rivian stock prices, Presidential Tweets, Bitcoin historic data, and UFO sightings.  If you're still reading, let me tell you a little about the curriculum.. In the course, you'll learn how to:  Work with Jupyter Notebooks  Use Pandas to read and manipulate datasets  Work with DataFrames and Series objects  Organize, filter, clean, aggregate, and analyze DataFrames  Extract and manipulate date, time, and textual information from data  Master Hierarchical Indexing  Merge datasets together in Pandas  Create complex visualizations with Matplotlib  Use Seaborn to craft stunning and meaningful visualizations  Create line, bar, box, scatter, pie, violin, rug, swarm, strip, and other plots!  What makes this course different from other courses on the same topics?  First and foremost, this course integrates visualizations as soon as possible rather than tacking it on at the end, as many other courses do.  You'll be creating your first plots within the first couple of sections!  Additionally, we start using real datasets from the get go, unlike most other courses which spend hours working with dull, fake data (colors, animals, etc) before you ever see your first real dataset.  With all of that said, I feel bad trash talking my competitors, as there are quite a few great courses on the platform :)   I think that about wraps it up! The topics in this courses are extremely visual and immediate, which makes them a joy to teach (and hopefully for you to learn).   If you have even a passing interest in these topics, you'll likely enjoy the course and tear through it quickly.  This stuff might seem intimidating, but it's actually really approachable and fun! I'm not kidding when I say this is my favorite course I've ever made. I hope you enjoy it too.
